one driver that all smaller devices
today we announce that we're adding work
backwards adding other products that
matters now part of this
you can see here by now it's controlling
the blade so i can send runs too late
and then i can search over to the house
within that same driver configure that
so for the Mouser special thing that we
did is we Greek reloaded three
calibrations for all razer mouse
comparison so for example right now i'm
using the battlefields we raised a
scarab but if i have a different mouse
mat for example you can go to course up
the cloth mouth original at this the
center will then be adapted specifically
to that boss man wow that's really cool
and if you're not using a reasonable
threat that's also possible you can just
select others and then you can actively
calibrate it to whatever other surface
hospital using so you're not using a
mosfet at all you can actively calibrate
the sensor to the table surface for
example
so to do that like how do you mean
calibrate like what like is it more
towards how I like or is it giving
optimal ultimately lower can be
optimized for that service so if you're
active big celebrating it is run through
some some steps to let the sensor
detects what kind of service amounts of
muscle is resting on
for Cory on line for the game we went to
head together with piranha games the
publisher for warrior and we have
envisioned how would it be like if your
ex is sitting in the mac itself and
controlling it so this is what we came
up with obviously have a joystick on
your right side and it's actually
modular so here left angry exists outer
modules around on the other side you
have your never to change the speed of
the mac and you have mechanical piece
that can be programmed to whatever lots
of functions you have in the night and
in the middle there's a secondary screen
that just gives you a lot of additional
information about the robot in addition
to your regular street which runs the
game so are those those are circles like
hit points so like damage
and then because we're an official
partnership with the publisher we hope
that we can get specific content that's
on running on that screen that's made
just for this device so right now this
is a concept is not available well
exactly what we're looking for is
getting feedback from the community here
at the show as well as online facebook
channel people should are encouraged to
tell us which way would change anything
or what dictates our don't want to take
anything and from there on out work on a
different redevelop the concept and turn
it into a real product so the product is
yet it doesn't have a date yet no okay
no data no price point yeah okay